# Quote Collection (173)
## IT
## 920

## Sources: 
https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/ 

https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/60765/the-information-by-james-gleick/
Gleick, J. (2011). The Information. Pantheon Books.


### Quote 1 

	As written in The Information (Gleick, 2011):
	>"The fundamental problem of communication is that of reproducing at
		one point either exactly or approximately a message selected at
		another point. Frequently the messages have meaning."
										---Claude Shannon (1948)

### Quote 2

	As written in The Information (Gleick, 2011):
	>"As it happened, 1948 was when the Bell Telephone Laboratories
	announced the invention of a tiny electronic semiconductor, "an 
	amazingly simple device" that could do anything a vacuum tube could
	do and more efficiently.
	
### Quote 3

	As written in The Information (Gleick, 2011):
	>"An invention even more profound and more fundamental came in a 
	monograph spread across seventy-nine pages of The Bell System 
	Technical Journal in July and October. No one bothered witha press
	release. It carried a title both simple and grand--"A Mathematical
	Theory of Communication"--and the message was hard to summarize. But
	it was a fulcrum around which the world began to turn, Like the 
	transistor, this development also involved a neologism: the word bit.
	chosen in this case not by committee but by the lone author, a 
	thirty-two-year-old named Claude Shannon.The bit now joined the inch,
	the pound, the quart, and the minute as a determinate quantity--a 
	fundamental unit of measure.
	
		But measuring what? "A unit for measuring information," Shannon
	wrote, as though there were such a thing, measurable and 
	quantifiable, as information.
